Not even Koera wants ICX. Sometimes it doesn't pay to hold through FUD.
the lack of communication from the dev team is actually ridiculous, and please dont try to defend them saying that because they are Korean and not White that they dont communicate that frequently etc etc. that is nonsense, I am Korean and I can tell you for a fact Koreans want replies and updates ASAP as Koreans have little patience when it comes to stuff like this.
Basically every Korean person that I know holding ICX, myself included, are in it for the long-run based on heavy fundamental analysis. We're definitely not impatient for some stupid news that they're not ready to roll out the token swap when that is already clearly evident by the fact that it hasn't happened yet. A team/project of this caliber and scale won't make moves until they're completely confident in their update, especially at such fundamental stages of their operation. Like, I don't get it. Would you guys rather have them roll out half-assed, rushed updates to appease impatient, impulsive children who will most likely sell-out after a few % profit anyway or would you have them make up more empty dead-lines when they're actually not sure of it themselves? Then you don't give a fuck about the project in the long-term.
Don’t get me wrong, I’m in ICX for the long Run as well. However, that does not excuse them from such a lack of communication. It’s not so much the delay but how they are going about the delays. They could easily send a notice.
It is still so massively bloated. But yeah, I've been waiting for this day for months. I remember when NEO was 6 bln and ADA was 24 bln... ridiculous.
I think it played the “cheap to buy a bunch” card and the under prepared investors like the idea of buying an eff ton of ADA for spare change. I think this will ultimately limit its growth.
I still don't understand its market cap. So large in such a short period of time as well.
Time to trasktalk. It is a shit coin.
Shit devs, Exorbitant fees, Extremely slow block times, Heavy censorship of the narrative, Corporate control (blockstream), False promises (lightning network), Overwhelming hubris, Ignorance of newer, better tech
Great marketing resulting in an artificial pump with no actual working anything. I bought it at .05 and sold it at .14. In hindsight should've sold at .23, but still happy with almost 300%.
I'm surprised that nobody mentioned it. And yes there are stupid people who buy that shit. Last tradingvolume: 13k.
It is irredeemably vaporware
Do not use it. I repeat, do not use it. I wish i saw this article before I was like "oh i have an idea, i should try something other than coinbase..." because now i have $100 basically stuck in the philippines. i am really not smart enough for crypto, wtf am i doing?
i'm pretty sure both are not shitcoins but their timing isn't good and they still lack of marketing.
It is way too early in its development and it just doesnt want to rise for some reason.
I think it has a chance to come back up but it was overhyped and overbought at the start.
IOTA has a long way and is still an experiment and no real projects can use it now. Their hype strategy is a bit concerning since a lot of people will lose when the experiment fails. OmiseGo is based on more know tech and only needs months to complete.
With tax and regulations coming, don't you afraid the government will remove it from exchanges ?
Lol it is the opposite of a safe bet, there are competitors competing in the super computing business including golem and iExec to which all 3 have partnerships and management teams full of PHDs . Would be wise to diversify and have a few hundred in all 3 as they're both relatively small market cap <200m.
My advice is still away from the shilled coins on reddit and DYOR. I can tell you people on reddit will tell you to buy… Is that what you want to know? They are basically all near ATH. You have to dig to find coins that aren't pumped and have a real case for using the blockchain.
It is not undervalued, if anything it is overvalued. Its fatal flaws are trusted setup, transactions not private by default, 20% ongoing founders tax, and extremely high inflation. very few transactions are also sent privately. Back in September (last time i looked) there were only 427 private transactions sent.
Still don't believe me? Head on over to reddit and ask them. It will not be the winner of the battle for privacy
I disagree, I do not think it is reasonable at all. There are many successful cryptos that did not do an ico, premine or miner's tax.
Yea no. Offchain solutions offering scalability and privacy may be the most ironic thing I’ve heard in this space. Offchain is just a cutesy marketing term thrown around to say they’re going to use centralized servers. If it’s not on the blockchain, it’s not decentralized. Period.
Oh, and it didn't help that I have zero support for what… does. It's a more transparent Bitconnect, in my opinion, with no laws in place to keep them from exit scamming.
Shady shitcoin that depends on the research done by ZCash. Zero innovation and the whole forking from Bitcoin is just a scammy way to pump the price of their unsuccessful coin. I used to respect it for being a community/non corporte version of ZCash which is better, but after the whole fork thing they lost every bit of respect.
The majority are mostly hype and speculation. Focused 90% of marketing and 10% on tech. Inorganic growth. Not good for long term sustainability.
It has undoubtably, officially proven they are in fact the scam people have been touting them as since their inception. Lol what a joke and the fact 10s of thousands of people fall for this so easily makes me question my faith in humanity
The whole crypto is plagued by assholes that come from the financial sector and do the shit the SEC would fuck them sideways if they dared doing it on wallstreet. There's a shit load of coins that are worst than shit having actual value, yet we have coins that offer actual solutions, with solid Dev teams not get anywhere. Is just a big joke. The only solution to this madness would be some sort of centralization. But it would put everyone up in arms. Specially the crooked assholes manipulating crypto
The same marketing also failed to admit their mistake and the marketing team was not let go. The fact they they were not let go is an endorsement(through inaction) of scamming the public. The project may still be legitimate, but the leadership team is lacking a few important virtues. Whether the price should drop or not depends on how people invest. I don't invest in people who are comfortable willfully scamming their "investors" just to manipulate the market and give false hope. For me knowing where someone's moral compass points is an important part of due diligence.
WAY TO GO WTC! Keep up the good scamming! SCAM TO THE MOON!!!
I'm a developer. It requires to fill out a form to be considered for test network usage. Their available tools are less documented and not even in alpha phase I'd say. This is not undervalued, this is far from Ethereum's state.
Article is actually someone just shilling it by slyly acting as though it’s in a category with the other 3. exchange volume can’t break 2 million, (kucoin does 150+ million and is only a month older) the coin has very little chance of growth beyond clever shilling like this.
There are new exchanges popping up all the time. Some of the big exchanges that already do a ton of daily volume have announced they are implementing a fiat gateway (Bittrex just announced this). To be doing less than 2 million in volume, this many months in...not a good sign. On top of that, branding is inconsistant, exchange is wrought with technical bugs, and dev team is scattered around the globe. I just don’t see a future for it.
A lot of people think it’s price will become higher than NEO but I don't see that happening. Right now holding NEO gives a yearly ROI of ~10% but if it price rises above NEO the ROI could become something crazy like ~40% and that would cause the price of NEO to increase until the ROI is closer to 10%
It offers no such functionality. For all intents and purposes, it's just a faster and cheaper version of Bitcoin. That's obviously not a bad thing to be, but I think a lot of XRB speculators are vastly overestimating future demand for it.
Ive been trading with it for a while but I won't hold too much long term, every time I go to the sub I genuinely wonder what the average age of their community is, my guess is around 16-17. It's kind of weird honestly, I can't really explain it beyond it feels almost like a children's cult in crypto. Even if it does well, the community makes me feel uneasy about keeping a lot of money in it. And they delete your posts if you swear. It's fucked.
I bought 100 eth worth LINK. Might as well bought a hooker on a 3 month contract
I learned to not believe anything that they say. Also whenever a good thing happens for it the price goes down. It's fucking amazing.
I also lost from them. Thankfully I got out as soon as I figured out that the people in control don't give a single fuck about the people that invested money in their project.
that shit is down almost 80% since i bought it. It was really the first bigger bag that i had, and even then it wasnt a devastating loss all at once, just gradually humbling and educational, like figuring out where in the market cycle a coin is and never buying on a high.
Actually it is more of a scam than 95% of other coins. "Let's copy our copy of zcash and change the name and graphics for hype" you do realize there are tens of thousands of people that have the capabilities required to do this right? The value proposition is not there. This is going back to zcl pre fork announcement prices where its actual value lies.
There are over 5 zero-protocol coins with more active githubs than btcp that aren't dirty forking for hype and profit for insiders. Zcoin, zcash, zoin, zero, zencash to name a few. This is a scam plain and simple. Use google and github to verify my claims.
Comparing it to 95% of other alts is not very flattering. At least 95% of them are completely worthless, and many of them are scams.
BTCP is not a scam, it's just the most incompetent team in crypto who somehow managed to fck up the most popular BTC fork ever and turn it into and utter shtcoin. Rhett needs to leave crypto for good as he has lost all credibility.... again.
Buddy, you told them to "FUCK OFF. DFINITY ASSHOLES YOU ARE" What did you think would happen? Get a rose and get invited to dinner? Now you are here blasting them. What's the catch? If I'm a DFINITY shill, what are you? Tezos? I bet you got a stake in Tezos.
If untrue, this is the greatest counter-shill by a competitor to date.
Never trust icodrops!
we will have to wait for confirmation, but it doesnt look good.
This appears to be unsubstantiated rumour. There has been no announcement of any ICO details by the dfinity team.
Man, why is the cap sooooo high! Are they planning to buy Microsoft to develop the project??
EXACTLY Why do they need so much money !!! And how is it decentrazation if people holds only 10% tokens !
Its like every ICO is a scam lol
I don't know anyone who valued themselves as a top 10 coin before ico.
I think this is a main point that many people defending Dfinity are sort of glossing over. The point of an ICO is getting a good deal because you are taking a risk. Top 10 coin by marketcap right out the gate isn’t just absurd, it’s crazy.
Wait to buy this in exchanges guys
I would tell you that this is a complete joke but look at eos. It went down, stalled, then shot up 25x in 3 months from Oct. to Jan.
RI-DI-CU-LOUS. I won't touch this with a 200 foot pole. I have left the Telegram group and I let them know how angry I was. I invite anyone to do the same. I will never encourage such scammy high ICO.
If true - this will be one of the biggest dumps of all time when it hits the exchanges.
This may very well be the scammiest Ponzi scheme of an ICO I’ve ever witnessed. I am saying all this as an early supporter and someone who planned to invest in the ICO. Now I’m RUNNING from this as fast as I can. Maybe I’ll still pick up some for 50 cents after the seed investors dump when it hits a big exchange, otherwise not a chance.
Exactly what I said. Apparently it’s 206x for seed funding, which is beyond all words, I mean really. Also, team keeps FIFTY percent of the tokens, lol. Sale is for 10%.
Your sentiments mirror mine exactly. I was a huge fan and early supporter of Dfinity. Unfortunately, I did not get into the seed round. I want to say (from memory) the original whitepaper called for a main round rate of 12.5 DFN / USD. That equates to $0.08 / DFN. However, these leaked numbers are about as bad as it gets IMO. In fact, it's so horrible I seriously have to ask if it might just be one big troll? Because if not, then it's just massively sad and disappointing (to say the least).
Because this has the hallmarks of backpedaling due to backlash from their terribly mismanaged ICO?
Look at that guy's comment history. He's nothing but one big shill. He has zero credibility. He's either a seed round participant trying to (greedily) boost his already massively profitable bags even more, or he's clueless, or he's being paid.
Gready bastards, I really hope the crypto commu ity can stop this idocracy for once and stop funding scammers. Their tech doesnt even matter this cant be ok. Crypto will never be taken seriusly if people throw money at scams like this.
There's not as much stupid money as in crypto. The things people throw money at..sometimes I wonder what happened with evolution..
Why do you trust him when he cancelled previously announced main round while claiming that it was hardcoded in some contract. Yes, maybe there will be a slight deviation from posted numbers, but it might be something close with some gibberish about giving to community in incentives and grants. Please, open your eyes. They are governed by some greedy and unreliable people. Plus, they are very big on censorship, employing 16 moderators with 12-24 posters on a typical day, deleting many posts/threads under the guise of "rules", etc.
Long roadmap (final product launches in 1 year)
Gambling/betting has a bad name
large competition in gambling app space
large scale adoption is needed (although they do know how to market)
This ICO turned out to be a scam. Their public site states more than 30k eth invested in the last few hours, their public wallet doesn't match up:
Sounds like you have found a red flag. Would you like to publish this on ConcourseQ? 
Hey there, I found a few more red flags. People are sadly still contributing. The admin in there, before I was kicked, made up an excuse that people got different addresses based on when they signed up - but I got this address from the hard-coded deposit address when logged out - and everyone else in the room who was messaging me had the same address, when confronted with this, that's when we all got kicked. It's amazing how much effort they put in for such little payoff.
Yep, our team scanned over the team and caught a few red flags right away. I wish the public had more tools to be able to distinguish the scams from legit but you just have to kind of wing it nowadays if you aren't that knowledgeable when it comes to API keys
Gas Files did the same. They are about to exit scam too.
I think that this is a better opportunity. I am not invested in them, but their website is listed here
Story has been deleted from medium. This is a huge oversight. This team might as well just give up
"so the first ICO didn't work out we lost all the money....if you double up and somehow drag your friends into the bitconnect pyramid we will DOUBLE your profits...thats right DOUBLE... order now and we will throw in a snuggle buddy.. just pay shipping and handling
even shadier that they delete the medium post and close all social media. Exit scam.
lol wow looks like their Telegram chat has been deleted too. Sounds/smells to me like a scam.
I guess these amateurs never heard of ‘try with a small amount first’. This definitely smells like a scam. Sue these retards.
They cant even write their own smart contract. I think you put too much faith in them
Scammers set up more tricky schemes for less money.
So they raised 1000 eth for a decentralised project.... but they outsourced the smart contract development and audit. Makes you wonder whether they have any dev in the team, and they didnt even test it themselves. Why are people contributing to projects like these??
Exactly. There is one another ico called . They have no code in guthub, and when I enquired about this over their Reddit page they claimed that the code will be reviewed by third party. A third party in a decentralised platform !!! How ironical and stupid is that. Sad part is all these ico ranking sites are shilling for benefits. They start with good reviews and after getting traction they got for the big money. People should not give a single penny for any ico if their is no code on their guthub. (Even after you see the code shit can happen but atleast there was something )
Man I just hate all the information they want up front for zero products and 3 tokens, and then trying to get me to refer other people to get free tokens is so lame. I'd try and focus more on the product if i were them.
Unfortunately this is the world of blockchain where most of the money has to go towards marketing or else they just waste the money they get upfront while fud pummels companies to the ground. I was thinking not an hour ago about how if not enough of the projected spending is in marketing it's a sign of a scam unlike almost every company that can be invested in
4% in trading fees you gotta be kidding me. Nobody will ever use this trading platform. There are 100% free trading platforms out there. Why would consumers use this service?
They allow their administrators on Telegram (a website they suggest you to on) to pose as scammers. I got scammed. Do not trust this site.
It's a scam. 0 comment posts are being upvoted to 100+, negative reviews are being removed, telegram members are being blocked for asking questions, massive shill project on telegram for free ncash as long as you post good reviews on big forums.
Yes, a massive invasion of privacy.
I aint touching this ICO. Its clearly manipulated.
looks like trash
I'm good on this ICO. Defs smells fishy.
Two posts about it, with 100+ upvotes and 0 comments in two hours in a small crypto sub like this. Can't you guys at least be discreet while buying upvotes? Probably a shitcoin considering your scammy marketing.
Yeah this is obviously vote manipulation, was prob linked in a telegram channel or something
Literal definition of a pajeet coin. No thanks.
"Yes, this indeed is something extremely colossal." This reads like an article generated automatically based on buzzwords. Amazing that they've managed to get mentions and articles into dozens of sites. Can you buy your way into Forbes or Nasdaq?
"This mainly deals with a new sensor that is expected to be unleased to every device that will be a part of the web and of course to retail stores." This is the core of their idea? Them having knowledge of a new sensor every smartphone will get that noone knows about?
How poorly this is written is really not the best advertisement.
100 upvotes, 0 comments... Your guys are playing it dirty and being bad at it. Not even looking at the coin.
500 tokens per 1 Eth, that's pretty expensive ICO, roughly $2 at launch. Also, a lot of spelling errors in the article, can understand they're Indonesian company, still to launch worldwide, they can at least hire an editor.
Went to the website. The concept sounds awful. But based on the shilled upvotes the price will probably increase after launch.
It is just ripping off Pied Piper.
Lol @ the Upvotes on every thread that's posted about this, yet no comments. How's that paid social marketing treating you?
Who wrote this garbage…
Was this post upvote botted or what? Jheez...
I think this entire sub is filled with upvote bots.
300 upvotes and 1 comment. Is this entire subreddit just fake hype and shilling?
I Don't like one this
"Unique API: The code used to construct the platform is completely unique and does not feature any resources from other currently existing softwares.” I stopped reading after this.
It is legitimate trash lol
It doesn't need any more attention. At this rate the individual caps will be <1 eth like bluzelle was...
ICO tokens seem totally useless and valuless; the 12 pages of the white paper are extremely vague and have not any real technical details.
No way to be clearer, ICO tokens have no value at all.
And considering that the ICO will end the 19/11/17, that tokens will be distributed within four 4 weeks of the end of the sale, investors will most probably have no chance to sell tokens before they become non-transferable.
Confirming that ICO tokens distributed have zero value.
Again, No way to be clearer, ICO tokens have no value at all and investors will most probably never receive any native token.
I was a victim of a scam due to nothing more than greed. I wish I had read this first and I hope that the scammer gets some form of ass cancer at some point in his pathetic life.
Yup thought he was legit without doing due diligence. An expensive lesson for sure. Basically, trust no one. I had forgotten how much people can be pieces of shit if given the chance. Won’t make that mistake again :-/
There is definitely something strange going on. I had a look on the project, and I also thought 30 Eth!?!?! That can't be right. If it keeps being weird then I recommend staying away from it.
will be required to pay for network resources when executing smart contracts. Just like with , there will be a "gas" fee. When transferring from one party to another, there will also be a fee. This fee will likely be split up with a portion going to the treasury and the other portion going back to the stakeholders. Additionally, with the introduction of sidechains, one might be able to take an asset from an online video game (WoW as an example), move it to another chain that runs a marketplace, and sell it in exchange for . Sidechains will also offer the ability to move from the chain to the  chain, transfer it, and then move back to it's original chain. While making this transfer, would need to be paid for the transaction network fees. These are all immediate opportunities for lifting the value of.
Talking of scams…ithas been hacked...DO NOT send funds, $450,000 already stolen:
The king is trying to keep a foothold above the 8K area. But the algo bots and whales are working hard in complete symphony to keep this down.
Hmmm I was thinking dump time..
Dangerous bite.
it cant't take off... much sell pressure by gamblers, massive sell orders (> 1000 coins each) every few cent steps
Lol the guys response on Villamil's tweet, trying to act like hes a nobody. Except hes the VP of Engineering...
Poor guys . Guess they’re finally about to find out what it feels like to get fucked.
Exit scam guys... be careful
If only you could say this to the holders... pretty sure the word "scam" gets autoremoved and banned there
Which is why those responsible for removing those words should be held accountable whenexit scams. There's naive idiots and then there are those clearly covering for sunerok.
Shitcoin
Over at the sub, it seems a few of the smarter dummies are starting to finally see the writing on the wall
Vergtards stay vergtards, no help there. Let em burn
because people are dumb and all they see are $$
Wasn't the point of them begging for donations to make an "industry changing partnership announcement'? The more I read about it the worse I feel for anyone who has ever acquired any.
This coin was pumped by idiots on YouTube. Those people will buy anything their YouTube subscriptions tell them to buy.
It is a stable currency backed by USD, it won’t increase in value and won’t have high fluctuations. It’s almost as you convert the credit card to crypto wallet, if i am not mistaken.
It started as a trendy faith for Shiba Inu (Named “Doge” by 9Gag’s community), It doesn’t revolve around any specific solution, and is just another “sending money” coin on the Internet. Where they does a better job.
It is a new alternative to cloud computing where all the files are stored in the nodes of a decentralized network. Your files are defragmented and each fragment is crypted and saved on other’s HDD or SSD. Although concept is to keep the data private and secured,  is way ahead in this race.
Storj is a new alternative to cloud computing where all the files are stored in the nodes of a decentralized network. Your files are defragmented and each fragment is crypted and saved on other’s HDD or SSD. Although Storj concept is to keep the data private and secured, Siacoin is way ahead in this race.
is considered to be a decentralized payment system with instant transactions. Although Stellar is still working to increase the performances the network has, there are better options such as PIVX which is coming in hot.
Lol at buying this in 2018. Don't make this man lose his money
That's one of the biggest things that gives me second thoughts about it. That we don't know if it is the pinnacle of RFID or not. But the fact that it uses blockchain would make more sense that it is. 
SatanCoin. About this, do you remember the weeks leading up to the "fork" where everyone was punished for not having? Do you even care that they and their select group of already obscenely wealthy friends all had the information about the fork being canceled ahead of time? Do you care that some random group of people at coinbase and other businesses were able to dictate: "Yes there is a fork, free money. No there is no fork, no free money. Oh wait, yes there is another fork." It is absolute manipulation and we are slaves to it. I don't give a damn if I don't make %3500 profits, I only hold about %20 of bitcoin. These thieves do not deserve to be supported. I don't care if it "wins." I am investing in the technology and the projects that should succeed, and would be 25X right now if it wasn't for the manipulation of the bums. End rant.
i don't hold any. it has NO value other than what one moron will pay another moron for it. These could all change the world, and yet manipulation keeps them down.
Definitely not this, stay away from that shit.
are so far behind in tech compared to literally every other coin. Both of them are pretty much vanilla bitcoin clones.
The most boring and uninspired coins out there.
You’re only comparing it to, but itself is years behind.?these, and many more, all have so much more to offer than simple clones.
I think their coin incredibly overvalued, by orders of magnitude.
You should avoid pump and dump groups at all costs. On one side, you’re participating in something that’s unethical and soon to be illegal. On the other side, you’re being gotten by a group of immoral insiders.
You forgot to mention Shitcoins though?
Fully agree. People are fucking stupid.
Let me guess. Ace "team", amazing "partnerships" and 100x return promises.
nope, just a really obvious scam that people stupidly fell for
I’m not being an asshole, I said they stupidly fell for a scam. Doesn’t mean they’re stupid.
I remember when was raising money. It was clearly a scam, too bad people lost on this.
Do not feel sorry for them. Feel angry, for stupidity in the information era, is a choice. Not a state of mind.
What in the fuck? Where is all this money coming from? Do people really believe in these projects that much to throw a half billion? Jesus people stop throwing your money away in ICOs. There are so many great legit projects out now with huge upside. The risk/reward is just not there for ICOs
They run to Thailand for a reason. ICO/IPO scams have been fueling the economy for years, they will never see prison. Just pay the right people and you are free.
scams in general have been fueling their economy for years. Esp targeting tourists who are less likely to take it up with local authorities
They raged when we were trying to stop them investing into that promising project. And now they ask for help.
Jesus Christ who would give 660 mil to garbage like this? Maybe the market would go up if people would just, you know..invest in the real market.
If it seems too good to be true, it probably is.
I find it hard to believe that much money was involved.
oh, more people fell for another ponzi scheme? color me surprised.
Vietnam really??? Why does people invest in these shady countries ??? Vietnam and Blockchain really??? I like Vietnam but anything technical from Vietnam is a scam (right now)
Do you really think they got 600 mil from this garbage? That is like the second largest ICO ever, only next to telegram...
Either they hooked a really big whale or that value is a meaningless value such as size of fund at exit. Ponzi scams end up with fund size far larger than amount invested for obvious reasons!
but i just close my bank account because they won’t let me max out MY credit cards buy crypto. they are preventing me of 10000x returns on MY money
ICOs perform God's will of separating the fools from their money. I mean you really have to be a special kind of stupid to fall for the fake representative of a scam ICO.
I hate that this happens so frequently with crypto. It's just another thing people will point to as a reason it's dodgy and not worth looking into
Fuck man this hits hard, lost a big chunk of my in an exit scam in December, back damn 660m. Holy shit.
I love hearing these stories. The more money people lose on shitcoins, the more money eventually ending up in .
damm feel bad for the investors that been scam
I'm telling you now, the only way price will go up on Tuesday is if they announce Carlos Matos as their new CEO.
Just as speechless as me pissing away new years waiting for that fucking update.
I feel like sunerok will have to deal with legal consequences if he doesn’t deliver
Okay, let’s talk about facts. - it is an open source project that exists since 2014 - Sunerok is a public figure, everybody knows his head and his name - is indeed known to having been late on deadlines, that can piss off people, it’s legit; but it’s also legit that they always delivered, always. - If it was an exit scam, I guess the guy would have done it way earlier. He also could have pre-mined a bag, burnt coins to make his bags heavier... the fact is that at this point, after all the progress has made, why would he just “exit” like this? Best thing to do is to patiently wait till the 17th. If you are scary or don’t believe in the project, just sell your bags, someone else will buy them. But spreading FUD, fake news and hate just makes outsiders think that crypto is more a teen trend than serious business and behaving like this is a destructive behaviour for crypto in general.
Honestly I expect many pretty big companies would accept a million dollar payment to get it implemented somewhere. Or just an official partnership with no substance. He can keep raising money for new partnerships and make bank I hate it with a burning passion but I think this shitshow will go on for a few more months
I believe it is more toxic for the crypto sphere. I'd rather see the price tank a bit but have all the shitcoins removed. Millions of $ in hacked, fake ledger integration announcement. You think a project like that is good for the crypto sphere?
I find it hard to believe any legitimate reputable company would align themselves with a privacy coin run by a bunch of random developers who have been hugely unproffesional the life of the coin. Who knows!?
hey hey heeeyyyy!! Don't trust them at all
Can someone recommend a good place where I can place my bet that goes down 90% next week?
Short it
Where the Future margin i can short 
He's right, holders will be speechless because their coins will be worth nothing.
Most likely... The partner went to take a shit and will be back on Wed- sorry, May
you're unlikely to see huge gains from it, due to it already having a high marketcap.
It still suffers from high fees and slow transactions when the network gets clogged. That's about the only flaw. For any crypto to move us away from fiat, it has to handle a higher tx volume than Visa does currently, and faster.
There's one huge downside and that's the fact that a lot is riding on Vitalik. If something were to happen to him or if he backs out it would be pretty bad. At least in the short term.
I can agree with you there, the community focuses on Mr. Buterin a lot doesn’t it? I’m not saying he isn’t a genius because he is, but he’s only the founder and one of the many thousands of developers that are out there for(which by the way has more developers than all other cryptocurrencies combined). I think that the problem could be solved when the community sees Vitalik as only the founder and not the figurehead of .
But they cna be bad investments if they are full/over valued. Unless you are playing the bubble (greater fools theory).
 it has much less room to improve than say a coin with a much smaller market cap. at it's peak, can grow, what 50x more? That's assuming everything goes right. WOrse case scenario? I think BTC will be next year, so eth will be rising in value too. I don't see it going anywhere, but it's not going to have a lot of movement up either.
Probably not the best time to buy. Wait for the price drop
DOGE coin is pretty worthless idk why you would want that.
 Bad, all the cryptos are gonna drop more before they rise
bad for you this still has a long way down.
Bad really bad!!!
That said, it is INSANELY overvalued right now. 5th by marketcap and we still don't have staking? We still have a buggy wallet? We still don't have paper wallets? Full nodes are still centrally run?
We may have awesome plans moving foward, but there is no world where  deserves it's 5th marketcap in it's current state. I feel that most of the hype we are riding on is from the involvement of Charles at the helm.
Staking and making 5% a year or so in returns is a critical feature and the market will continue to punish these coins until they can get that feature out. Luckily we only have to wait until Feb 2018 for staking on test net for, and hopefully a couple more months until it's in the main line.
Even though the coins are premined? Isn't that a big difference? I wonder how many of the 25.9 Billion coins are actually in circulation, how many are being held by the founders, and the status of the rest of them? This is one area in which is clearly more transparent and I think better designed..
But isn't even complete yet and even through their white papers look promising and seem to answer a lot of current problems facing cryptos today, they are still unproven.
isn't out yet and has a large market cap. Simply put had a lot more room to fall then some of the other coins out there.
I held, it was a large portion of my portfolio but it has completely tanked against so I cut it (and most other things). I want to support the project but I not comfortable with the effective loss at the moment and will reinvest when Bitcoin has got off its powertrip.
There's no product. That's why. Lot of people want to make money now, not in 3 years.
that's because was overpriced before. There was no reason for it to jump to $1+ when it had the volume it does and a product that doesn't do shit right now.
Because the market cap is already way too high for the amount of actual adoption. I see ten articles a day regarding other coins actually locking up ICOs and development but the most we see from the team is that they went to a meeting.
bro you have drank too much koolaid. if you're an actual crypto investor and not just some jackass who threw his egg nest all into , then you'd know that doesn't have shit right now.is just a pump n' dump scheme that got its early gains from Ronnie Meas's newsletter and nothing more
1/ Extreme valuation 2/ No working product. Not even a basic app. I've posted in a other thread about the network connection problem. It seems that nobody cares. Investors prefer abstract discussions about future (dream) earnings. The wallet is extremely basic. An offshore team in Bangalore could do it for 2000 USD in 1 week. And last but not least... it does not work. Yeah maybe after a few days of tweaking and bug fixing, I could get it to work, but it's not my job. How is the average user supposed to use it? I cannot even sell my ADA as I'haven't had the chance to access the network for the past month. Seriously: how many people in this thread have TESTED at least 1 time the Cardano wallet? Want to be able to predict the market? Forget about technical analysis. Use it for yourself. Test it. You'll see reality as it is. And it's frightening.
Heh great store of value it is, lost like 80% of it's value in a month. Let's be realistic: there is no product, there's just names on a paper. Until there's actually something useful this is all just marketing. The truth is this is a shitcoin, and I'm selling. I mean yeah maybe there's potential, but it's 1000x overvalued because potential != value. Sorry guys and have fun with your bags.
If being smart made the world run, Earth would be a much different planet than you find it now. People who solve problems and create value for others can be rewarded exponentially. If was applied to the Shipping Container Business or Digital music distribution in fact any PRACTICAL usage model it would be better. As it is now its an idea in search of a practical application. is the same. has a 2 year headstart and much better word of mouth and media presence. has not reached the level of mindshare and won't by being snobby and intellectual about it. If you are making a system for smart people only will fail to find a market. A product must fit the market, the widest swath and the lowest possible common denominator. A coin for the 1% will not be useful to the rest of the world. If the attitudes displayed here are the ones that you hope to carry this coin forward to the mass adoption phase you're gonna have a bad time. Inclusive, approachable, people friendly. Coins made to be used by the majority of people. If you can't explain this so a 12 year old can understand it then its a road to no where. Numerai, and all of the other coins for and by ''really smart people'' have a limited market. So how about a coin for the rest of us? ( I am keeping the I have but I am not buying more until this price corrects downwards by about 50%)
It is also interesting that they have not withdrawn the money for the actual partnership yet given how volatile markets are. A rational person would cash out upon the goal being met so as to guarantee the fiscal value would not be devalued to something below what the partner is asking because of said volatility. Or you know, not being able to cash out because because your coin is so insecure someone found an exploit to mine a block a second and cause deposits of XVG to be frozen on the exchanges.
I really hope is not scamming its followers as it will be even more damaging to the market overall. Maybe they are gonna sell it off to a big player, a new dev team, dude pays his taxes and the collection was maybe to show proof it did have a decent following and worth investing in ?
Technology is fundamentally about making things simpler and easier, and that includes for developers. If the developers of haven't realized that they're going to lose, and lose hard.
And this ladies and gentleman is exactly whats wrong with the crypto field right now. Weak hands panic selling trying to make a quick buck. Not really believing in the technology or how its trying to change the world. Dont want it to fuck with you? Dont put in anything your not willing to loose. Theres a reason i invest in technology like tesla, linux , android, block chain, renewable energy, its technology that is open source and here to benefit all of mankind. If your selling off your ada and its not even a few months old your in the wrong field brother, go to vegas. The the impatience of these kids is crazy. They want a lambo after 2 weeks of investing. Theres a reason cardano went from 16th to 6th place in 8 weeks, because its doing what the rest ARENT. Not trying to come off on a high horse, but be patient, the very same reasons you like this coin are the same ones i like too. We ARE going to change the world for the better, leaving a corrupted fractional reserve system in a museum.
OK. This is nice start. Potential. Every coin says it has potential. If you're saying potential I hear hope. Someone hopes that his coin accidentally happen to succeed. What I don't see is a plan how to specifically transform this potential to successful business. Because if you invest, well, you want to earn some profit right? Otherwise you're donor. This is the case of many coins. Guys, I know lot of people here are geeks and you might not like it to hear it, but amazing tech is not a plan. It's a good start.
Hi, thanks, I do understand and it's possibilities. Not in the technical detail, but high-level yes. I do also believe it has technology which can succeed and agree with you. What I miss is revenue model/estimations or at least some market assumptions. In other words - they have nice tech, now how they want to sell it to someone? Buying means I'm investing in them, I want to see how my investment will be handled. Otherwise it's just good for short-term speculation like most coins with no clear intrinsic value. That's my worries.
Mother fucker, show me some code and explain why developers will wet their pants wanting to use this instead. Developer buy in is everything, the rest is just hype.
I'll agree. It requires that people stake on the network. Something that keeps me up at night is the crazy amount of in circulation. Staking needs a reasonable reward for a incentive to stake. Is there to much  in circulation to make this feasible? I say probably.
will probably never make you rich from a small amount. The supply will continue to regulate the coins growth with the market. Feasibly it could hit around $5 dollars in the next 2 years
I used to believe in this project but I was sold lies and empty promises. is pure vaporware and Charles Hoskinson is a scammer. He pumped this shitcoin to $1.20 and he dumped his bags on you. Watch him do the same thing with  right now. No fucking shame.
Seriously the fact the people get downvoted when they sell bothers me. Nobody knows where the bottem is and telling people to just hold isn't going to break a downtrend
Not just possession, but possession with intent to sell... He was dealing, and that list is just the tip of a long rap sheet.
I wonder what it feels like to be in a cult. Oh wait, I can just own.
Those bitconnect guys need to research sunerok on how to properly scam people without them eventually realizing.
Obviously the SEC is going after the easy ICO cases now, but he's liable, and shown that he's in complete control of the project. He is financially interested even if he never directly sold ICO coins, he's promoted, to his financial benefit, an unregistered security.
The so called "fam" is pretty much on the same level as flat-earthers at this point. I'm not against them tho as i profit from their very predictable and ignorant herd mentality.
I know is a heavily manipulated shit coin that was forked from another shit coin but still, get real
I agree those charges are lame but he's been arrested a lot of times, 10+ I believe. Any of giving this dude money is braindead and deserves to lose it. Don't let your greed get the best of you guys!
Not gonna invest more until they get their PR in order.
I can understand you. Its always bothering to see your money not moving. 1 is already good at this price. Wait till the pos is done and see raise. Its a mid long term
lol or he’s just going to disappear forever with 20 million, and never get caught, because he could disappear right now. this dudes actually pretty smart he’s successfully pulling off a very very large scam that’s making bitconnect look like childsplay. i seriously doubt he’s getting a day in jail
Contempt of the court, failure to appear: bullshit charges or not, those are two things level-headed, organized people (you know, the kind you want to entrust with millions) don't fuck up on.
Pulling some random numbers out of your ass. Great
$100 is quite a stretch, 20-30$? very possible and being quite conservative. Only time will tell though, glad im in this project in the early stages.
It's not crypto that's dying - it's just Bitcoin that's dying and dragging everything else down with it because reasons. The sooner we decouple from that dinosaur the better, with more fiat pairs direct to our alts
Well, if I were to panic-sell, it's not because I think it's low now, it's because I'm afraid it may all go down to zero. But I try to rememeber it's almost impossible, since I invested only in good coins. After the dotcom bubble good companies, like Amazon or eBay, survived. It took them 10 years to make a ton of money, but in crypto everything goes faster, and I can wait a couple of years, I'm not in a hurry.
OK, this partner thing is a GIANT CROCK OF SHIT you are getting scammed. What the fuck is WRONG with you people????? Jesus it's painful to watch.
And no, I'm not lecturing traders who are scalping off, good for you and all that, blah blah blah. It's the fucking XVG moonboy idiot hodlers. You guys are worse than the morons. The scamminess is right in front of your face.
anyone who gets burned by this deserves it. what a shit show.
If Verge fails and people are burnt, don't automatically assume they will see the light and go into another Crypto that your invested in as they may be disheartened by it. Look at the recent exit scam in Vietnam ? You think those people are gonna bite the dust and invest in Crypto again ? I doubt it. Not everyone has money to just throw around like some of us.
and the price goes up! I can't believe how far this charade has reached!
was up almost 200% on binance AFTER binance posted warnings about it and one of its founders was arrested before fleeing the country. There is no rhyme nor reason to crypto.
People see green then just blindly jump on board. This proves that the majority of people still don’t know shit about crypto and are just throwing money at symbols.
new partner the IRS just wants to test its scalability.
I mentioned that after the whole "raise funds > claim hacker > accidental fork" debacle. I got viciously attacked by a few on this forum claiming I knew fuck all about and that it's going to skyrocket due to its sheer and apparently solidified god-like stature. Well, here we go. Buckle up your seatbelts kiddos! Shit's going to get fucking bumpy!
Is this guy US based because if he is and if there is no partnership then I can see this easily being called fraud and his azz going to jail.
if the partnership doesn't go true they should refund. Using for other initatives is for scammers
hype/marketing came in the perfect moment. Alot of new people entered in a big bullmarket, most of them with no interest in the tech. McAfee was on a shilling-spree and did shill alot after getting paid (for some reason people still have trust in him, even if he have done alot of sketchy things). It's making me feel sick aswell, but that's just how it works.
You are correct but if no such announcement comes then he's fucked, unless he's going to keep digging himself into the scam then he will be significantly more fucked later either way this guy is a clown and his diehard idiots actually donated millions... Hearing that they were asking for donations is a pretty major red flag besides why does a billion dollar market cap coin need donations in the first place how fucked are your books that you need to beg for money from investors. I doesn't even matter which one of these it is that company is poison.
I have to agree with other comments. There's a threshold where people deserve it. It's been about 6 months of nonstop red flags from . It almost seems like they're having a laugh at this point.
Now while most people are praying for the demise or,  and to some extent, I think the bigger picture for everyone in Crypto is how bad it is for the future of other coins when ones like fail. All coins are crap coins at the moment because most are just concepts and none are really being used for full scale adoption or day to day use. This is the real marker for the success of Crypto, not currently how it is as a stock exchange and casino on steroids. And i dont think success is a coin being used illegally to purchase drugs and kid flicks on the dark web.
By now dev can basically post a tweet saying "BUY NOW, I WILL SCAM YOU AND USE THE MONEY ON HOOKERS AND LAMBOS." and all fanatics will still buy it.
Man, I am not missing the coins I sold.
Their only blockchain "privacy" is stealth address tech vert used to have in 2014. This is weak recipient privacy that means the recipient can generate an address that is private (until they spend the funds). Since the exchange didn't do this there is no privacy in the Tx. As a sender, there is no way to send a Tx privately The closest you could come is sending to an SA address you generate for yourself, then very carefully sending to the exchange, but this is weak privacy and there's plenty of room for error
Man, I am not missing the coins I sold.
So isn't wraith protocol suppose to allow you to block seeing this? I mean unless you need the other side to do it too. I guess Either A. it doesn't actually work, B. he's dumb and isn't using it or C. he's trying to be transparent which probably have made more sense if he would have posted something about it.Sad thing is verge forum is like half saying "yeah good he's spending the money!"
I posted this same question on the subreddit. Curious about what you guys think
Feels good to finally get rid of .
Don't scroll to far the cult is here
As a crypto developer, I feel sick whenever I see . I'm trying to better learn how to market & hype our project, because coins like are a perfect example to demonstrate that it doesn't matter about your development team if nobody is hyped about it.
is a scam and this guy is ripping people off but his past crimes are no big deal.
Holy shit. How can people trust the project when this guy is involved? This is just nuts....
Why would they have to pay for an integration? Usually in an enterprise setting integration is waived if the contract is signed for a specific length of time. Also if is the integration point the coins should go to the partner in return for the integration setup. This just doesn't seem right. If you are paying for something it's not a partnership, but a sponsorship. If you are paying for a partner, they have no skin in the game.
It was stated the 'partner' wanted to have a lot of liquidity so why would they cash it all out when the partner requested XVG. It might be a scam and there are warning signs but so much in these threads is badly researched and just seemingly wants to attack the project. Critical thinking without bias is better.
Feels a little ironic that the idea of crypto is that the ledger is open and anyone can look at it (in theory, making it more secure). And yet, shit like this still goes down. And all we can do is look at the ledger and go "yup, there goes the money"
I feel bad for people who get REKT, especially in such a short amount of time which is often the case with crypto. No one deserves to lose their hard earned savings. That said, if people are willing to throw down their savings and justify it with less than 20 minutes of research.. then frankly you deserve it
The verge price is solely driven by its cult-like followers. The people who bash the coin and reveal the truths about it don't negatively affect the price action at all. Verge goes in cycles where it gets massively pumped, then disappoints their community and gets massively dumped. 
Despite all the disappointments, the verge followers keep buying up the coin from the lows. Just because it's a cult doesn't mean it can't thrive and profit. Look at scientology for example.
But you can do a pyramid/hyip/ponzi and sell the invested. When it crashes, re-buy it and return just what was invested. Make up some excuse for why there is no profit.
I think the exact words were: "Hey guys dev here, I just uh packed all my bags and I'm gonna be buying a little island with all the you guys donated so...Thank you so much. Cheers."
I got banned from their sub-reddit for saying that people might dump it after the announcement.
Bitcoin is probably going to roll over - I would be careful buying now.
Ive seen so much of these over the course of last 2 months its not funny anymore
I have seen some bad TAs in my life, but this one is hilarious.
Lets keep that kind of talk at trading subs.
Sir with all due respect, what you are writing does not make any sense at all.
Wow... This is some next level greed.
It's one thing to be greedy. It's another to want harm to others for your benefit. Corruption in a nut shell.
and if it was a whale that had 10 million icx in a bag and was still mega rich, would you care. If people mess up, they mess up. it's life #bitconnect
Stop wonder, stop ask. Do the work and research.
I respectfully disagree that this is priced in - we are in a bear market.
you do have a good point there. My experience (so far) only tells me that it's rare to see price rise on the day of a new feature. it rose when the announcement was made. But overall in this scenario I do think it can rise if it functions as it should be.
Jesus Christ this sub has become almost as bad as EOS
Except you don't see cheerleaders booing and shitting on their own team from the sideline when they don't score. Everyone in this sub-reddit is constantly waiting for the price increase and completely forget about the fundamentals of this project and are in it for the quick
Nano (and bitcoin) will never be used on a real economy with that much volatility. You need stablecoins to be used IRL, and you need smart contracts to implement stablecoins.
Well...that was lame
Who is selling this low ... esp. when coin swap is coming up within the next week or so.
s always sucked & still sucks.
sucks that ada and eos so popular.... eos = scamcoin ada = vaporware shitcoin
A lot of koreans got burned in the crash and are desperate to gain back lost money. My theory is that they sold most holdings on bithumb to fomo into EOS then cashed out to KRW.
I really don't understand this either. Thought it was big premium always
Dont trade bithumb.your icx will be stuck on exchange.cant withdrawal your icx on bithumb
are you blind, he is asking why is it trading lower on bithumb. You cant even trade there unless you are a korean citizen.
bitcoin sideways as fuck rn
Why does icon need an explanation to retrace, when most alts already retraced or didn't fall equally as hard as icon did lol
I think the a bull trap... We will see one more dip.
7% increase and everyone gets their dicks out to celebrate. BTC is still having trouble staying above 7k and as long as this is true, market sentiment is still bearish which means more potential downside action imo
My best advice would be to leave while you have the chance. Forget about moonlambos and get out. If you want to take on this much risk go find a low market cap privacy coin and invest in that instead. This could get ugly fast
Spot the recurring theme. forks that add no real value have been hit the hardest. somehow once traded at over $500. Now it’s sitting at $45, and even that feels expensive.
They also do a LOT of tweets, LinkedIn shouts etc etc. They don’t let it lie – its bordering on spam – and spamming with T&A… It loses all prestige and je ne sais quoi. The family link – whenever I see a lot of the same last night, I always think “Jobs for the Boys”. If they’re onto a scam – you’d want everyone in on it – getting their slice of the pie
In terms of the Patents, ive struggled to find the actual patents anywhere (like full disclosure/details of what they hold). I also don’t understand that market (does anyone?) so wouldn’t know if these patents really are the nuts. Their lens, again, as mentioned. Purely mock ups. Theres been no live demos etc. So who’s to say the beta is going to be any better. 
It's like a train wreck where the train just can't seem to lose momentum.
The power of blockchain! Watch the scam happen in real time! This is amazing. Can't wait for the sob stories of people who lost it all on Verge - zero sympathy.
ICO pool groups are legit, but anyone advertising one through Reddit is probably a scammer. I'm a part of a group and we've managed to get some pretty sweet deals on presales, but most pools will only accept people who already have sizeable portfolios already
I got this one too seemed real fishy.. 2018 version of the Nigerian Prince emails ?
Finally, their ICO says that the price of the Beta will be adjusted for the final price of LCD come purchase day (Q1 2019). Sweet, I thought. I buy 5,000 today for $1,250 and when they’re worth $1 each in Q1 2019, it’ll only cost me 1,250LCD and ill be sitting on some cool lens AND 3,750LCD ($3,750). BUT When I contacted them with all my questions (on a side note, they only answered about 15% of them and ignored the rest)
You’d think they’d be discussions everywhere. Theres some stuff on BitCoinTalk (or whatever its called) but its old and not many people are asking questions like I am… It all feels rehearsed/staged. Seen some pictures of their “stands” at some of the events they’ve been to – and a table with an A4 print out piece of paper with “LUCYD” written on it makes them look proper bottom end compared to some of the stages/other attendees. Their all dancing fancy image does appear to be all T&A graphics and mock screenshots/visuals… No substance?
Report and block the user.
Of course they want to create their own crypto, they are literally addicted to hyperinflation, and perhaps that is what they want. Infinite rehypothecation of worthless debt-derivatives. A massive endless ponzi scheme backed by hyperinflation.
The ICO states that buying over $1,200 worth of LCD gets you a “Fully paid preorder of the glasses”. But if you check again, theres a section that say you have to EXCHANGE your 5,000 LCD for the glasses. You basically you’re preordering something for $1,250 a year before its out – without seeing a working model or a video or it mock-working!?
I’d not put my money in it, plus the regulatory environment is also not clear here.
lmao so much for "privacy coin"
Also, going live now – a year before a beta is available… Makes me feel they’re not really close enough to getting something out there… They’re looking for money/investment to get it over the line. Their branding is great in terms of what its saying – but its how they say it. There is SO MUCH T&A its unreal – and I learnt very early on that T&A usually means the product sucks.
Basically it looks like just a Bank Account, permission-based and full KYC. You can’t even mine it, reportedly the maintainer has total control over the supply, so you might as well just open a Bank Account.
Astonishingly, someone once paid $105 for this garbage. It’s currently trading at $2.19. That’s a 98% retrace.
Plus, still no reply from my follow up email asking for clarification on the wishy washy answers they gave (and a request to answer all the questions in the first email - but obviously, worded more nicely than that)
Ive been reading the BitCoinTalk and its even more red flags.Saying things like they only have 250 pairs left of the Beta Lens - which cant be true and is a terrible marketing technique. Plus, they are only licensing the patents, so they're not their patents like they keep saying they are. All from the horses mouth.
Plus, every real question is ignored, or if its got negative connotations, yet all the fluffy "How do they work - they seem amazing!" questions get replies back to their site.
What other top 50 coins are scam like?
is a hype-coin, a shitcoin and since recently, most likely an all out scam. It feeds on naive investors who have no clue about fundamentals. And is used by whales to scalp the noobs for profit.
Then wait to see a fractional reserve system with 0% reserve rate and printing “cryptocurrency” by infinite amounts by a central authority.
Now we are waiting to see "the biggest partnership ever in crypto" and because of the above history, I expect it to be quite underwhelming.
Of course this “cryptocurrency” won’t really be a cryptocurrency, it will just be a database ledger with full KYC of course. They might integrate mining and the encryption aspects, but rest assured the account creation will only be possible with KYC, and not permissionless like real cryptocurrencies.
It seems like they are just riding the “blockchain wave” but without any blockchain
Pretty much yea. It's a shitcoin, vaporware and everything they have hyped so far has turned out to be fake/lies. It doesn't do anything special and lacks the privacy it claims to have. The dev can't code and only copy/paste features (often in an incorrect way). Most likely a scam, if not an intentional scam, it's still not worth a handful of dirt.
Launching partnership on tax deadline day after threatening to sue coinbase because he needs money to pay his overdue taxes. Hmmm 
Reportedly it’s not even a cryptocurrency, it’s just an online database with full KYC. If that is the case then what is the difference between that and an online bank account?
I had a few thousand, i was down about 10% overall in that coin, and I started seeing the little warning signs here and there. It all added up to being shady as shit. Sold it all and converted to another coin. No regrets, don't even check the price on it anymore, I already know I dodged a bullet.
IMO it’s impossible to know this from Reddit. This sub (including me) hate Verge and want it to fail
I honestly believe he may just be a below average wannabe Dev that knew enough to mimic code to suit his forks needs. I think he bit off way more than he could chew and has very limited actual crypto/blockchain knowledge.
are people stupid? YES is a scam? see above
I eat my dick if verge not fail after 17 April 2018.
People were posting they lost their life savings and were planning on killing their families and themselves. No wonder they closed the subreddit.
I agree is shit/scam, but that won't stop the idiot shills from keeping it propped up.
Is it a scam? Maybe. is the risk/reward ratio worth it? Not at all. On standby to shill privacy coins once this implodes
LinkedIn profiles mentioned on the site with only 10 connections for a start. Maybe that's more of a yellow flag, though. I kind of hate LinkedIn.
This is great for this space to have scam like this because it will remind investors that being able to raise money from half developed whitepapers or without single line of working code/product is absurd. I'm only afraid that with damage this small, people soon will forget this lesson. So we need a bigger scam maybe?
This should be higher up. These guys are very likely trackable. Even if they registered the domain with fake info, they are probably converting coin on an exchange somewhere. Also IP addresses. Few people do everythingthrough Tor.
If they are dumb and cash out their scammed ICO crypto in an easily traceable way (has happened tons of times before and criminals got busted this way) then it will be possible to track them. If not, then yeah that money is gone forever. And the money that they made by dumping their private stash before the "legal trouble" announcement? Easily gone forever, probably almost impossible to trace.
Some people (like my mom) lack whatever critical thinking neuro-circuit that is responsible for detecting scams. It's really frustrating. Yes it is possible to avoid scams by being smart about it but it's also shitty when people intentionally take advantage of people who are not good at critical thinking.
It's very hard for me to muster any compassion to those people (given they are real. Realistically those are just redditors, who spent $50 on the ICO, trolling). Every crypto related subs mantra is "don't invest more than you afford to lose". If you're expecting to 100x you money in a few months and fall for scams - it's your own fucking fault, nobody asked you to remortgage the house for it.
I'm sorry for anyone who lost money to this. I have heard about and they look legit even though I haven't invested in them luckily, I wouldn't be surprised if many people are affected by their disappearance.
This shows that they are in panic. My theory: They've planned a scam but have done some huge mistakes. Maybe even the ID's are real and no fake. Maybe they have no plan how to get the money out or whatever. But taking all sites down is just stupid, no strategy but a sign for panic-mode.
I saw that too. Very unfortunate for those who heavily invest in crypto. We couldn't blame them. Maybe life was really hard for them that they need to gamble that much. 2 posts were asking for help because they can't even tell their family that everything is gone.
Yup, it was always going to come. Spectators will be learning lessons on this one as well. Get your portfolio's in order, get your popcorn and enjoy the shit show.
Well there goes $7 worth when I bought in at 78 cents only a few days ago. Sometimes I am glad I'm poor because I would have stupidly put down a lot more.
Most good scams make you feel like you're the one getting the unfair edge, and this can blind you. In this case it was the idea that they were modest with their ICO ambitions and that the small starting market cap would lead to the coin multiplying xx times.
This is only the beginning of what will be a massive cascading collapse of ICO’s and shitcoins. Believe me on that
lol there was some guy a few hours ago that bought at 0.21 when it crashed, hoping that it was going to recover once confido got their shit together and fixed the mess. It went up slightly to 0.31 and I told him that he should sell now before the true end is here. Welp, looks like the true end is here at 0.05.
It’s allegedly a ponzi scheme. It went up to 270$ and now it crashed down to 15$. Smells like a massive scam. It was promoted as a get rich quick scheme in many places. Reportedly you could buy “investment packages” just like on these bitcoin doublers, in the past, but looks like they have redesigned the website since then. I don’t know exactly the mechanics of it, but several people have reported it to be a ponzi scheme. For me it looks very untrustworthy, so I would not use it.
It’s like a dollar proxy or substitute, and the financial regulators really don’t like tokens representing the USD. It could go down just like Liberty
This is the wild wild west of investing. No regulation. Hopefully this will force investors to be more selective and do more DD.
This is really damn bad for Crypto... what a brutal market.
Still remember the guy who went all in with his bitcoins yesterday to buy Confido on the drop. Well I'm so sorry for you bro.
LMAO of course they're fake names. It sounds like the lineup of a Scandinavian black metal band.
One of hte worst cryptocoin scams that i have personally ever experienced was the paycoin scam, the developers offered to put a $20 price floor on the coin but when the entire project turned out to be a scam, the whole thing went crashing down below $20(well below).
Probably, all the evidence is against it, but who knows, maybe the dev is just an idiot when it comes to these things?
But it gets worse, several people have reported that it’s actually in hyperinflation mode as it seems like the developers are allegedly issuing billions of coins out of thin air, if that is the case then it looks like a massive scam:
This scamcoin asked for donations so they can get a partnership going.. And after the donation deadline ended they just took all the money and changed their plans on the partnership and decided to keep to the money to themselves. It's a scam. And if you still support it I have no remorse for you if you end up losing all your money in this shitcoin.
In all seriousness, there are some huge red flags, and would stay away until there is some resolution to these problems. If they can clean it up and turn it around it could be decent, but not in this state
Too late, the is a cult. NOT exaggerating! is their leader that will make them rich and sunerock is the disciple. Whether or not it’s a scam, no matter what happens most of the community will find an excuse to still support it. It’s not investing money anymore, it’s more like creating another religion.
it was shilled by McAfee.
so yes, its a scam.





