It will be at $1k end of year
It is absolutely the way to go for "safe". NEX ico will be the first available use for it, so it is only bound up. Buy now while super cheap in relation to NEO. I find it usually goes up after NEO finishes a strong run.
Last chance to buy cheap
If it makes their wallet comprehensible, and finds a way to kill their network congestion, it could be a truly great coin.
I NEVER SOLD MY COIN, EVEN WHEN MOON STUPIDS SOLD THEM, IM PROUD FOR BEING A HODLER 4 LIFE!
Easily. Advanced tech with a bright year ahead
I think they are all good bets
It is the epitome of blockchain tech and if you look beyond the moons and lambos, it is that tech that will prevail in long term and revolutionise the world, so I can't see it going anywhere.
It on the other hand is what BTC started out as and is the only crypto that is truly a privacy coin. Frankly I can see both of these doing at least 5 x next year.
If you want something a little riskier then honourable mentions to it (will be a big year with a number of ICOs on the horizon, and could be humongous if China comes back to the table)
Particularly excited about it partnering with HP and Storj. with HP is Oh. My. God
It with Storj could create a true competitor to Amazon AWS
I'm excited about it partnering with Flixxo. Providing the computing power to a decentralized video streaming platform is brilliant
Agree, seems like token based blockchain solutions that are non-currencies are the new thing. It's crazy to see new applications far more technologically advanced and useful to have such low market caps while there are lots of coins in the billions that are utterly useless and just mere concept art. I haven't looked too deep into the 3 but my next crypto deposit is probably going to be in the computing business.
The 4 coins that I am holding for the next 6 months are going to be…
If you don't know about it you should familiarize yourself awfully quick. Easily one of the best coins out there.
I have been thinking about buying tokens. I also read about other platforms, I would single out Ties, the idea of professional network on blockchain seems great
It is an interesting coin and I guess many know it.
I agree with you that it is underestimated.
And I also read about it it has big potential.
All of the tokens are relatively known except for. I checked it out, looks interesting, I will keep a close eye on it. 
Can I suggest might be one that you should consider looking into as a fellow hunter of little known tokens?
Creating a platform for trading genomic data globally, allowing people to find out about their genomic data without it being commercialised by the lab such as 23andMe afterwards. Product launch next week, 4 paying customers already. Presenting to industry leaders Tuesday at the Festival of Genomics!
 If you want proper privacy, then is King and is a close second.
How about? It's a stunning project still under the radar.
MIT founders. Streaming-centric. Youtube co-founder et. al. on advisory panel. Of course I fucking own it. I've told you. Now it's in your hands.
So easily. Highest TPS I've seen, hardware component. UnionPay and NEO sponsorship, only on 1 chines exchange, no western presence yet. Come on...
This is one I've been looking into, check it out: artoken.io/faq. html DYOR though and it's been said that infrastructure, protocol, cross chain tech would be the better bet for long term, all these other coins might be like creating FB back in 1995, too early, but again, it's crypto so who knows!
If you like the sound of ZCash, look into the fork that is happening soon with ZClassic and Bitcoin into Bitcoin Private. This could be a privacy coin that is very successful.
No, look at their history. Their growth was extremely organic. Not hype BS. Also is another decent one out of China. Not all are terrible.
Don't understand why we should sell off a solid project because of a bad decision made by someone on Marketing/PR staff. Also there were other legit winners, this was likely done to bring more awareness to the giveaway/exposure. Was/ is it a bad look? For sure. Does that delegitimize the project? No.
It's amazing what they're building. They got running hardware prototypes and releasing their Mainnet soon (actually, idc if they release it next year). Meanwhile, they're negotiating cooperations with the biggest companies in China and releasing childchains which interact with the parentchain. I really dont give a single fuck about the 40$-prize-fake. Their PR/marketing is shitty right now, but they'll hire different people so that's no real problem.
Looking at biggest potential returns from those coins I would say this. It is probably the one with the highest chance of doing another x10, but it is also less established so more risky. It had an amazing rise of course but it now will need to prove it deserves to break into the top 20. So far it is looking really good but you never know what happens.
Still undervalued. A lot of potential in 2018. I see it as the next etheruem. Not just a “China etheruem”. If you look closely, many exchanges have some preference to using neo (e.g. lower transaction fees). There are also many icos that are building on it Rather than ETH. 2018 will be a good year for it.
They have a huge amount of hype and news though. Going as far as hype of their own ICO network in China. It has a ton of big projects being built on it, I see it skyrocketing pretty hard after those finish.
It is still in its dip man
I think its a sleeping giant (hopefully it wakes up soon lol)...
I would get into XRB now. Once it hits the better exchanges, it’s going to be insane.
Personally I'd invest it in it current price is very cheap considering app is 24hrs away from release on app store and its revolutionary product which will help millions.
It also seems to be a good coin. The raise at this moment is just for app release or is it some pump and dump ?
It is the quicker and cheaper version of Bitcoin. Ltc was one of the most successful coins in 2017 (more than BTC, ETH) in percentage growth and with Bitcoin’s fees getting out of hand, I see it becoming more and more adopted as the year goes on. They have a great team and have some pretty big announcements coming. Oh yeah, and it’s also very discounted ATM!
They has great partnership, they are within the Open Fog Consortium, founded by ARM, Cisco, Dell, Intel, Microsoft & Princeton University. Invited by HP Enterprise to Cloud28+. You can even add more partnerships to this like Storj, Jaxx, Mining union, Selectel, Aion.
There's going to be booms and crashes this year, but if there's no major hacks or government regulation getting in the way I think you can safely turn that into 1.5-2k holding.
coin that noone heard about yet. Running tests now and claim speeds to 10000tps. Smart contracts an all that stuff but without the enviromental impact like POW. New consensus model called proof of signature. Still low volume, check it out ;-)
It is one of the cryptocurrencies I’m most bullish on in 2018. Although I don’t think it will necessarily demonstrate the best growth by the end of the year, I have no doubt that it has huge potential, and that the current price is still a bargain.
this and that are no brainers
I also think that excluding it from your portfolio is pretty foolish
But yeah, I think it is going to bounce right back. Looks like it should be an easy ~20% if you're putting in new money. I can't see it not going back up - I've never seen any FUD about it when reading around, and it's getting mentioned more and more around here.
If you believe in it then right now is such a good time to buy. It is currently in a hard dip.
Check out it. It's hit over $11 and it's new - they have a meetup that's sold out in Miami and their testnet launch by the end of the month. Currently at $5.50 and I can see it hitting $15-20 after the meetup and testnet launch by the end of Jan.
I'll be buying these. I'm Not shilling these, I don't own them but the price is looking like a good entry point. For ones I already own, I'll be adding more these
BNTY because it's got a good working product that's being used the community. ICO's and other projects will use bounty playform for their bounties which gives it more exposure. Kinda like how kushare rose in price so much because of the exposure it has on people.
Essentially, it’s like the craigslist of completing tasks. Prior to craigslist, everything was in chaos and it was difficult to figure out who is selling and buying what products. But with craigslist, everything is nearly organized and used by the community. It hasn't recovered from the recent market correction, so it's on sale right now.
This is not your next Ethereum for sure, but at 3.9 million market cap I think this is a great entry point for a try to get in a possible mini moon, maybe to 50 million market cap in 2 weeks? So many senseless projects at 50 million, this sure is an undervalued coin. I JUST WISH I HAD SOME CASH ON HITBTC, but I'll try to send 1 litecoin to grab this. What you think?
They are the most promising.
They already have the chips in production and are set on a 1 million tx/s standard. Goldmine. They are stuck on Bibox right now. Good exchange but it is an unknown in the USA.
Really interested in the music industry and thus been reading a lot about it - nice white paper, working product, but something about the design just... throws me off. I like it more than this but I'm not sure it will ever reach a decent amount of adoption. It's not my pick for <25m but I was wondering what others were thinking about it.
It is promising in my opinion has fallen down to 1USD atm, it has a working product and looks great. Could deserve some more marketing but thats it.
yeah its not the cheapest but that doesnt mean a shit It can give you way higher profit compare to something cheap like ripple Compare to marketcap
I particularly am taken by this, which is aiming to be an auditing service for smart contracts. To me this feels like the McAfee of crypto (I could be totally wrong in my opinion). But anyways, I just try to see a long term product instead of a quick flip.
I just found out about them today and wonder why the hell is this coin so new and cheap? Bought into a healthy boost over the course of several hours. I'm happy so far. If it hits $1-$2 that'd be awesome.
It is definitely a good buy for your price range. It's just starting to find it's feet and is becoming one of the most popular alts in Korea. It's just made massive gains these past couple of days. It still hasn't hit $0.01 yet but it's getting close and I think it might get there tomorrow-ish conservatively. For your money you would be looking at getting hundreds of thousands. Obviously you should take a look at them for yourself. They are listed on coinmarketcap.com at #31 right now. You will be able to take a look at their website and the really exciting talent behind the team. There are plans in the very near future to introduce TRX payments into a social media app that is massive in China, currently with 10,000,000 users. I'm really excited about the future with this one!
It should definitely be ranked higher imo. Shows a ton of promise.
ICX I think too is going to be big soon
Seeing a lot of shilling here of top coins, but never see these mentioned. In my opinion this is a serious oversight as I believe it will be one of the top performers of 2018. Do your own research and don't blindly follow hype to find the best picks.
 This is definitely a project that has huge potential. It's one of the few coins that will actually allow you a passive income, has an actual working company processing billions already and will be the first project deployed on Plasma. x10 potential is huge i think.
This for me - been sticking £100 on it every month so will see what happens. That's £100 I'd normally spend on football/soccer bets so it's not a massive loss.
Nice. This coin gonna go 3 digits in 2018 and this has big plans and projects for 2018.
REQ - Team is solid, over delivered in Q4 2017. Backed by y Combinator which has a lower acceptance rate than Harvard. Simple use case and a working test net product right now. Buy this now. Accumulate accumulate accumulate! This one is solid until proven otherwise.
My HODLs at the moment are these. The first three are basically straight upgrades relative to Bitcoin. This is relatively stable, but will probably see some gains the next time ASICs become a hot button issue again, this has already gotten me a ton of gains and I project that to continue once it becomes big, and if you don't already know about this you need to lurk moar.
Korea's Ark Ethereum mixer. Will have a main net launch in Q1 2018 and have its own blockchain where you can exchange your ERC-20 tokens for their own.
Casper incoming 2018. 40+ of the top 100 are Ethereum based. This is the heir to Bitcoin and will be exploding. Gone will be the day we can afford tons of Ether. Accumulate this! It's literally used for purchasing any altcoin anyways so why not.
I'm DAG-ing for 2018, it's the only logical choices once crypto goes mainstream
It has an enormous team of experts contributing to the foundation - from mathematicians to business experts. They have real world partnerships with big companies, as well as tons of participants in their recently revealed data marketplace (http://data.iota.org) (Microsoft, Bosch, Volkswagen, Fujitsu, T Mobile, etc). They have been developing their protocol since 2015 and release significant news frequently. IOTA is targeting what is projected to be a many trillion dollar emerging industry, and is currently developing physical chips to be implemented in digital devices to utilize the protocol and strengthen the network. This is real world adoption.
There's also the business side of things, which tends to be grossly overlooked by crypto investors. The Foundation has been working really hard to establish meaningful relationships (never say "partnerships!") with the biggest and most important players in the IoT space. They've also literally named their protocol after the IoT, so branding is on point.
the first coin I began obsessing about, and also the first whitepaper I read. Genuinely interested in this one and believe in its value
Partnering with IBM and over 30 banks in 2018, I think it's gonna take off.
Went nearly all in on these under a dollar. I really believe in these guys!
Tron will be doing some big things!
Just released NAVPAY mobile wallet on Android with development finished for Apple. Community fund with roughly 1 million / year at today's prices has been passed. This should be top 20 especially if the trend for privacy coins continues.
A little-known, small market cap coin with some amazing homomorphic encryption tech. Still below 100m market cap, so it will take very little for it to go up 10x.
Both companies actually have real world products that solve real world problems and very promising teams/results. This  especially I believe will be in the top 10 at sometime in the future.
all coins that actually have code and not just some bright idea that has a market cap of billions.
huge privacy oriented project from a team from MIT. Has a working product already. Devs are doing an AMA on their subreddit today (ENIGMA catalyst subreddit). Very low market cap. Huge potential for technological developments as well as price appreciation.
Still massively undervalued. My guess is it will quietly overtake Ripple in the next year(s)
Way too cheap for its tec. Will go way higher once its on korean exchanges
Solid Tech, Solid Team, Solid IDEA. Will be a 10x at least next year. Possible 30x
basically decentralized internet, even more valuable now that net neutrality was eliminated in the US
best private coin
instant transfers, not on many exchanges, and once integrated with exchanges or even other major projects, it will take off. All it takes is a partner and some more integration with a usable product.
have you read the whitepaper on this? My goodness, allowing independent blockchains with different governances to transact with each other. Basically this is the holy grail...this is what has been missing with Crypto right here. Already recieved a grant to automate the entire insurance claiming process in Korea and will launch early 2018. Summed from whitepaper imagine being able to send your medical diagnostics as a USA patient to Korea instantly for specialist to perform further analysis on it to treat your issue
yes, they have all these partnerships but the most important is the PwC one. Why? Being someone who worked for one of the Big 4, your actions and well being depends on the success of the client. Imagine the top personnel in marketing, economics, project management all on your team to make you successful....this is why VEN will be a monster in 2018. Don't be shocked if Amazon wont be a next partner.
starting not to trust centralized exchanges and Cryptobridge allows me to earn passive income by staking my coins. Just like how cloud mining you get payouts, this allows you to as well. Cheap coin + passive income = no brainer
honestly, with metamask in chome this just makes my life easy. So many apps developed and I can control the speed of my transaction by paying a few bucks more. Ethereum will be a $2000 coin in 2018.
ehhh I just think that banks have lobbied too hard to stay in the game and this is there way to say their adopting without changing their processes and procedures too much. Our paychecks still get sent to banks so we still need them
ehhh I just think that banks have lobbied too hard to stay in the game and this is there way to say their adopting without changing their processes and procedures too much. Our paychecks still get sent to banks so we still need them guys...I could only imagine if the Govt begins integration of ripple. Honestly, this will be the first Trillion dollar coin and yes, it will beat BTC
I have held these 5 since august. My plan is to just hold for at least 5 years:
I’m goin all in on this. This is the most fascinating improved block chain technology I’ve ever come across.
looks promising. Mainly due to its mass market appeal. I.e getting the average Joe on board the crypto train through virtual mining on the app.
Did I really just read only one guy holding it? Fucking hell guys you're missing out. Biggest sleeping giant out there right now.
This, long term hold. December update today looks great and I am excited! To the moon and beyond!
May sound silly. This coin. XMY seems like it is an honest attempt at becoming a usable currency. Their team wants it to be easy to obtain and easy to mine, so I put a chunk of change into it that I think will be good in the end.
Mostly this. Excited about evolution in june
(nobody is talking about this coin, yet it brought me a x4 return, esp. since today). Also my biggest alt coin holding. You can read about the technology here: I think both coins will have a solid year 2018, mostly due to diversity factors from BTC In my eyes the best connected crypto team. They got it all. Exchange, connections, knowledge. If this coin can't make it - not many can.
Still a sub 5 million marketcap coin. Masternodes, zerocoin, low supply and it's already up like a rocket with so much more room to grow. 2018 is gonna be amazing for it.
I think that this is one of the most promising platforms in 2018. They're constantly developing ahead of the roadmap, and the whole project is mostly under-the-radar. They're focused on being a Blockchain as a Service (BaaS) via APIs. What draws me most to their project is that they are focused on making everything simple; with installation, integration, and implementation. Unlike other platforms with a very wide scope that will take years before companies can properly use their blockchain, Neblio is focused on getting one aspect right, and done well, and then branch out from there. Plus, there's 10% staking rewards while I hold.
fairly simple yet useful idea. It's cheap as fuck to accumulate a lot of, although the price has been rising recently.
At least it got some good news coming up. Possible partnering up with SWIFT. This will shoot. Cross your fingers.
I hope you’re wrong cuz I’m holding some lol
Yup mine too. But I’ll hold it now even if it drops to the 0.01 pit of Doom.
Also in . Additionally check out. It is my high risk moonshot, but I think it’ll get more attention soon. It hit binance on the 5th.
I'm long on them. Mostly because they're the only two coins I've bothered to read about.
I think it should be on your list.
Personally, my "big" holds are them.
It has so many things coming that it will grow a lot. I believe the trinity wallet with new exchanges (Bittrex, Poloniex and Bithump) will start a new bull run and it will happen jan or feb.
It is a supply chain coin based on Austria and is focused in pharma logistics. What makes modum different is that it they share the company profit with token holders so MOD is more like a security instead of utility token. They announced recently a partnership with a 5B $ logistics company. They will make a joint announcement revealing the name soon.
It is a trust management platform which will disrupt massive trust management market. They are building a decentralized, trustless and 100% transparent platform for investors to invest with fund managers who are able to trade with GVT in forex, stockmarket and crypto market. The platform alpha is coming Q1.
I think it has huge potential for 2018
My personal holds that I believe are going to go 20times is. The nice part is you can still buy a decent position in them before they take off. I also hold 1,000 coins in it, but this one is hard to ramp up with a 4 or 5 dollar coin price. My bags in  are extremely large compared to.
These are my safe bet. Part of my portfolio is reserved for them, i think they are going to make more than x10 on this year. another small part is reserver for smaller coin, that i change every time they explode, now i'm on . 3 days ago in.
I hold them, but I have a couple of underdogs that I think will pull some crazy returns this year.
They are both awesome. "Competitors" in a sense, but they both have real world application. I just got into it coming from because it had 1/3 the marketcap and the mainnet is launching very soon. It's in a wonderful position to make gains quickly that I can then roll over to before its mainnet launches in Q2.
And most of them have a founders fee. We don't want that shit. No scam. Not even close.
I don't know why this isn't getting much attention. It's pretty solid. I thought I would share with the community here as it looks like it's the last chance to buy their Exchange Utility Tokens.
I like the concept. Seems similar to MaVO and Bettrbetting a bit. I haven't looked into it too deeply yet, but I like these guys have an app already, at least its not vaporware, seems to be everywhere these days..
They had a pretty good dev team IMO. 4 Full-Stack Potatoes last time I remember.
I don't think so. This project is the winner of the ICOhub competition of waves. I think they will make a good coin in future :)
Concept is a good one. When I read the whitepaper, I figured out that the traders have to trade their bets in Ethererum instead of fiat currencies. So they have to do a lot to attract traders who are not using cryptocurrency.
I like their dividend token as it pays dividends in Ethereum.
It is NOT a scam. It is one of the best projects which will launch in 2018. Im a big fan of nucleus.vision . Long live the king.
good one to invest sure
good hyped ico...will go 10x for sure
Whilst advertising-related tech is not necessarily my personal cup of tea, I see nothing here but a well structured team, a very promising product and a potentially very good ICO - I will be watching carefully ready to invest.
Your idea is based upon your knowledge. As per the view of the giants of crypto, this indeed will reach summits
Yeah this looks like a big thing, great team btw
This project is going to be huge!
yes of course. this project will go to the moon
Indeed, This will one of the best projects to be unleased
In less than 5 years it will be a leader in the industry.
Ohhh this is a awesome ico.. Ended in 1 min.. Im waited so much time to buy this ico.. But badly missed it
Do not miss this ICO.this is a very good team here..
GOOD payment platform i think this will be big for sure..i will invest for sure..do not miss the ico..make my word
Do not miss this ICO great team with already operating FinTech business!
Very promising project with a clear roadmap. Specially they can disrupt the retail sector.
The project seems great and will reach the place it demands
Check it great team with already operating FinTech business.
It's really a great project. there is something in it that other projects lack. The project is a great future with this wonderful team! 
just really convenient exchange, thanks, I'll have mind!
Would recommend. Thank you for your cooperation.
Cool! I really liked this exchanger for the speed and quality of the exchange. I recommend to everyone. Thank you so much!
a good form of income,the main thing that reliable
An excellent project for earning money on the crypto currency.
The project aroused the interest of many. The main thing is to have further development. Inflow of investments and supporters. I wish you success!
One of my favorite projects! I really hope for him. Good luck to the developers!
Seems like this has a great future ahead!
Very potential.Wish all the best.. with best support..
one of the best ICO
Great Project
This is a perfect project to invest, good health is good for every one, let us join here
Thank you for the golden opportunity. Investing in a time-tested asset will always bear fruit. Therefore, I am with you on the road to success!
Very cool video for the new wallet launch
look like a good one
I also like it. The whitepaper, the predictions, and the team behind speak for themselves - it is indeed an ICO worthy of an investment in. Since you are into it, consider these, as well: 1. Cointed - Green mining and multiple Crypto ATMs launched all over Europe. Their partnership with Nvidia and TAS Group made that possible. 2. RestartEnergy - The world's first Ethereum token able to virtually store electrical energy. 3. The Bee Token - Short-term housing rentals. Beenest is a decentralized home-sharing network built on top of a set of Bee Protocols that connects hosts with guests without taking any commissions. What do you think?
They are the best ICOs out there right now. You have chosen well. I still need to go deeper into it, but it sounds really promising too
I think there will be success 100%!
Very powerful idea, I think this ICO will be a success!
Looks like a great ICO, did you check them ICO?
this project has a bright future in blockchain technology
a wonderful project, full benefit full support. excellent
I'm sure it will be useful for the future
This project I am believe will makes lots of money for everyone, very rich and wealthy for us.
Also I invested for huge profit
this is the second most beautiful project I've ever seen.
I love the work of this team. They are doing a good job.
Really very instructive and useful information, thanks a lot for enlightening us.
It has developed the newest, safest, most economical, and most legal way to raise capital with utilizing the Blockchain. This is done by following best practices and standards set by the Tokens & Exchanges Self-Regulatory Body (txsrb.org), being native in crypto, baking-in smart contracts for every nation-state, and by KYC/AML'ing accredited investors. It assists in determining the token mechanic. If the functionally falls within a certain criteria, the token may be distributed via air-drop, through traditional ICO methods, or if deemed a security, the token will becomes a 'Stoken' -or- security token; ultimately leading to an ISO. It is getting ready to conduct their first 5-10 ISO's in the coming weeks.
I am kind of surprised. Someone with that kind of power that finance companies depend on...dont have it added. It has the most potential and CHINA! Like come on!
It should be within the top list of VDA since it has some potential and the team shown some commitment
I certainly believe it belongs, & there are many supporters echoing this sentiment. The community is growing daily.
Pump time coming, I can feel it in my bones.
I bought back into it for long hold, wondering if I should add it as a hedge for long hold..Shill me
You guys should not be taking him as a credible source. He is a bitcoin maximalist purely because he sees it as an investment opportunity. Watch his interviews/videos and you will see that he uses hollow/simple talking points to try and pump up bitcoin and produce bullish sentiment. He was an early investor in the fraudulent start-up Theranos. And when journalists pried open the doors on their shadiness he defended the start-up and attacked the journalists. He also started a 'university' that many were disappointed with and described as a sham. Read the reviews and you'll see it was a shady money grab riding off his brand as a venture capital investor (think Trump University). He is one of many who share these traits among bitcoin maximalists, in my opinion. He makes big headline statements but no real analysis or reasoning to back up his claims. I do think there are many projects with similar cult-like communities, but it is the brand for crypto right now and it needs to take some flak for it.
Exciting future for holders.
The price is low right now.
It is the only stable coin
it is better investment if you wanna make some money. We all know 1 will always be 1. But end of 2018 1 will be 1.000001
I actually also hold that lmaoo
Long story short, people just hate on it because it's a for the rich crypto instead of a for the people. Personally I don't have the money for another crypto, but it's a good crypto to buy into so long as its under $2.
na ALL INezy 100$ end of january
Absolutely, more then ever now that Charlie cut his ties with his core holdings. It shows current businesses that it doesn't have a CEO as a whale that could potentially dump his holdings and manipulate the market. This type of stuff done by ceos helps build confidence from partnerships.
The big ones are the safest and most obvious. Of those I'd grab a chunk of. That one is safe and I think quite lucrative for the coming year. If you stay within the top 10-20 on the Market Cap (coinmarketcap.com) it'll be tough to lose money over the long term. I would keep most of it there.
General consensus is that they are "safer" long term investments
As far as altcoins go, I personally am a big fan of them. Bought in at a bad time for a couple of them but I believe in the project so I'm hodling for the long run.
Well, since everything is in red, now is the time to buy literally any of the popular coins
This for the safest option, are probably the second safest options. might be safe too if this South Korea thing ends up working out positively.
Are some of the most promising coins I invested into. Obviously do some research and pick your favorites.
With that being said, I think both have great long term potential with their RFID tech and real world application. extends beyond RFID even, although to what extent their project will be utilized is yet to be seen.
has a lot of growth potential in the coming months with their testnets being released as well as their main net coming out in March. Their idea is interesting, especially geared towards the mobile market, as it would give apps the option to use their code to power their cloud storage system and be rewarded as an alternative to ads.
This is another currency, which we have a lot of, however it is fast, inexpensive in regards to fees, and gives you the option to send coins anonymously. In regards to currencies, I'm watching to see what kind of adoption Raiblocks takes on, as it seems to be taking on a lot of momentum, however I am confident will continue to deliver as does not offer private transactions currently.
is a solid long term investment because there will always be a market for pure anonymity, especially if cryptocurrencies start seeing heavy regulation in the coming years.
They're in the decentralized cloud computing space.
Can’t go wrong with doge
I don't know about the coins but bestg investment will be a hardware wallet! I use and I am very very happy with it!
Great technology, undervalued, good pipeline, PoS
I would go all in for
has all kinds of interesting projects in the pipeline that will include an anonymous decentralized app network, ability to send 25+ cryptocurrencies anonymously through the network, proof-of-stake, etc.
is the best anonymous coin, and has plenty of dark markets giving it real usability.
has a really brilliant project all around. I would definitely look into it, and watch the demos. In one application of its tech, people can walk out of stores with items and have the amount for he item detract from their coin balance. It's really amazing stuff.
is obvious. 
has Plasma in progress, and has the funds and confidence to carry it out, which will really cause it to skyrocket.
I'm also thinking going to skyrocket. Look into this project for sure. It's a coin that saves pharma 60% per year, and pays dividends to investors. Huge potential.
is incredibly undervalued.
 is a big project that will enable anonymous exchanging. Any coin supported by Changelly can be exchanged anonymously through, the privacy system of the coin.
I almost don't want more people to find out about it, so I can stock up on more at sub-$1 levels.
very good suggestion, just look at the roadmap
I’m heavily invested in this and I’m not willing to give those tokens up
I think  will also moonshot. They’re like an upgraded version of the original, pay dividends like while bypassing the, are just out of ICO and already have 1500 members in their Telegram. The current market cap is 6M. I don’t know if they will hit 100x but they definitely will go up from here.
2018 is the year of 
This is so low key right now. Shocked it isn't getting more coverage. I guess we are early! When Reddit gets to a coin, it's too late!
no suggestion of this in here is criminal lol
you had some good suggestions such as the RFID coins. those are probably the safest investments in crypto (long-term)
If you're looking for what are expected to be the largest returns next year, is probably #1 in that category, followed by coins such as …(community thinks this, not me)
 If you're looking for widely unknown gems? Best cryptocurrency out there. Doesn't do anything else besides act as a currency. Zero fees, near instant transaction times, and the blockchain is finished (i.e the devs are no longer needed for major development, the network is fully functional and can be left alone virtually forever)
What I'll say about it is I think that kind of technology has the potential to blindside investors because it may be underestimated just how fundamental this kind of technology could be to the pharmaceutical industry (and how much money you can even make off that industry without crypto, period). I'm currently not invested in it and my gut feeling is telling me I should be.
 is going to massive
I would say it's the speculative coins whose only purpose is transfer of money vs. the coins that have a product that solves a problem. 
I highly recommend looking into these coins as they bring real world application to blockchain:
Also, things that will facilitate microtransactions and payments will surely do great. Check out this, the project is amazing and they're actually ahead of their timeline ;)
is my strongest recommendation, I truly believe in the long run it will take over as one of the top cryptos at an insane value
I would make this a semi short term investment if China's markets open back up, it is backed by a bunch of ultra rich people so they're gonna try to get the price to pump, jump in early and ride the train up if that happen
Even though this one I haven't invested in myself my next coin I'm looking at is
It has a faster transaction time as well as lower transaction fee than. their development team is faster moving and can adapt much easier. Adoption is growing rapidly
I think is probably the best balance between safety / already being established vs potential for upside.
I also think is a relatively good deal at the moment and I have a small amount of.
I've been a big fan of for a long time
The only skepticism is from people who wanted to flip this coin but the lack of marketing created a fud. I've digged into for 1 month and i realised its the next revolutionary coin since. Dyor ofcourse.
it'll change the game for sure
Agreed, all great coins with lots of potential. Going to be picking up some soon.
Solid picks. I agree those coins are nicely placed to be 2018 winners!
It’s gonna be uuuugggeeeeeeee
Honestly, it's an amazing investment. Probably one of the most solid ones out there.
While you may be right that it isn't likely to see as big of gains as smaller market cap coins, it's also a lot less risky. So that's why I keep it as a decent part of my portfolio, along with some other riskier coins it gives a good balance of risk vs reward IMO.
Honestly, it's probably the only crypto I wouldn't mind knocking it off the number one spot.
Maybe it's stability will be exactly the reason why it unseats. Much better store of value and much better currency.
You don’t think that people will put more money into it? With the newest development, Casper, they will be going to proof of stake which will lock a lot of ether up and therefore lower the total supply, which means the price increases.
Honestly, I believe eth could see $10k, maybe, possibly. You just have to consider how many people are in it because they believe, like you, and I. And how many people are in to make a quick profit. As long as you stick with decentralised currency, you should be fine. However, if a coin is going to shift us away from fiat completely. It won't be, and it definitely won't be. I don't know what it will be, but both of them are flawed.
I agree. Look at how many decentralized platforms are building on. Hint: All of them will use ether for gas (fees). You can literally code on the blockchain. Brilliant.
with that much money you'd be better investing in an alt with a low market cap that you believe in imo.
Go for something likeor something, it will help you out more then going for at this moment in my opinion
 is ready to 5x or more in 2018
Now here's some more math and common sense combined. Do you not think that 10,000 people, ONLY, 10,000 would want an extra smaller node themselves? What is 10,000 people times a minimum of 10,000 to obtain the smallest node? It's another 100,000,000... So from how hot this coin is, how GREAT! the bonus's that it gives (VOTING RIGHTS AS WELL HELLO!!!!), this is probably one of the only coins no one will want to get rid of. Only increasing the value. If there is approximately 100,000,000 circulating, divided by a 40 billion Market cap(LESS THAN HALF OF OR ETHER!!!!) one single token will be worth 400 apiece.
 Cloud storage a month cost the average person $50–$600+ it’s only $15. In time will go high since it saves people a lot of money tech over hype any day
So all your conservative 50-100 a coin estimates is trash. Meaning you are trash. Do some math before you make bad bad bad estimates. You look dumber estimating less than doing some math and actually prove it will be worth more...
Ive been holding my stash a while And added more at 17 cents
You're forcing up the price, just before my next purchase.
Best buy in crypto
For me it is the sustainability of the system as a whole. It works cheaper and more efficiently than its predecessors. In addition to that, it was started primarily by the guy that started the  project as well. He has started theproject to be able to handle a lot of the issues that the other currencies have with contracts and things like that.
Scooped up another handful at .19
good for you. I added more at .16
i put in about $100 a week, like a savings account. so in the 20k-30k bracket
ive not found another coin that promises as much, and also has the means to deliver.
FWIW, while I think that Cardano is one of the best projects in the crypto world today.
It used to be the same price. Would you have said that was overbought and overvalued at the time if you knew what you knew now? No. is massively undervalued.
I just bought a few thousand so I'm playing my part to buy the dip and unslam the coin
Maybe it going up 50x in the span of 2 months has something to do with it.
I spent the whole day today buying and I am still buying. I am enjoying this cryptocurrency sale especially the one.
So you can make a fortune. So buy some more.
 seems incredibly cheap right now. Its top 10 in MC but for what  seeks to accomplish, Im surprised the coin has not really risen in this recovery yet.
A PO Stake coin with haskell language that seeks to be better than  at their own games. More scalable, faster, more secure.....i mean, people are just not understanding this?? Or, they want a quick buck so they invest in ?? Or, they simply think will fail?? I dont know but I'm scooping up  by the thousands.
Everyone Selling is selling because they are looking for fast gains in other cryptos - it obvious that is a Long term hold and people want to make money now - I agree its tough to ignore but buy as much as you can now and look at it in a year or so -
I love the team and am anxious to see what they can do in the future so i'm holding for the long future, but i just figured it would be rising a little faster WITH the market.
I am confident thatwill be big, but as its an academically reviewed project it will take longer to show big market advances. It's a long term HODL.
The slower rises, the more I can accumulate over the next few months. The less lambo/moon 'investors' around, the more stable the currency.
 has an extremely solid team and they are very very early on in the project. This is a long term hold. Enjoy the prices while you can. Six months to a year from now, you will more then likely be kicking yourself if you don’t buy in now. My recommendation is to buy. I’m not close to an expert and I don’t claim to be, I just feel it has amazing potential, it has an amazing team and I feel lucky to be getting in at these low prices.
What you all have to understand is that  and only can be scaled to a fully fledged global crypto currency. The rest are flawed by design.. The other coins are doing well now but wait for the slowdown and general implosion..
No foundation in scalability will be the death of 1st and 2nd gen coins... Long live the 3rd gen;)
It will be massive.... but after the crashes people seem to be scared into curbing speculation compared to what we saw prior.
should be one of the long term holds in your portfolio. It wont be the fastest growing in valuation this year. It's market cap is already pretty high for its development compared to other projects. However, we saw that Cardano was one of the first crypto's to bounce back from the crash which means it's viewed as one of the more solid investments in the space, which is correct imo. 2019/2020 it will the years
Because it’s just a fancy white paper at the moment we all threw money at speculation. I do hold a bag and I think it’s gonna be over 5 bucks this year.
So we're essentially getting in early on something with a HUGE HUGE potential. Could cardano fail? Well, yes. Realistically its possible many coins will. But if it succeeds, ohhh man. This will be the #1 coin. Risk/reward with ADA is off the charts.
 Other players dont have nearly as good a team or peer review.
To be completely honest the only other team that has really impressed me in the field is. Not to say other teams aren't good, but we say it because its true. I dont believe any other dev team on another coin could take on and acheive what iohk and charles are doing. Theres a reason why the founder of haskell is on the team as well many other scientists and mathematicians, researchers, etc that are publishing.
This is the most ambitious project in crypto, they have some of the best minds in both crypto and computer science in general, and they are applying the highest research/development and engineering standards. will be the first blockchain reliable enough to support mission critical applications. It will be a real game changer. I need to get more.
Charles in a recent interview said that in one yearwill be better than
He kinda has to say stuff like that doesn't he? Either way, the roadmap is solid. That's a decent enough reason to buy and hodl for me... there's so much total crap scifi nonsense coins out there. This, at the very least, presents a plausible solution to many problems facing contract platforms. It also has the advantage of not yet being in any significant use so it wont offend creator types in this early innovation stage.
Yep. this is why people should just buy like 10k shares of this and just forget about it for a year. If it's still hovering under 50 cents by the end of the year then we have a shitcoin on our hands.
You're right, everyone does say that about every coin. The difference is, was always meant to be the best coin out there. Charles's vision for the coin has always been to develop a coin that does it all. Charles left the project due to some disagreements about how the future of was heading.  is a third generation coin that hopes to learn from the mistakes of  and develop a system that can keep updating the coin in the future without having to create hard forks. It also will allow users to switch between crypto currencies, implements smart contracts in a more efficient manner, and is imposing a POS compared to POW system in order to increase the lvl of which the coin can be scaled
Well is super basic compared to. Its like comparing a honda civic and a ferrari. Are they both cars? Well, yea....
I dont want to cash out my for a huge amount of fiat. I want to be able to buy my Lambo with!
I think it's not just about the fact that aims to do everything, but more of the rigor applied in the process. There are definitely going to be major institutions that are going to be gunshy about blockchain technology, and having a coin whose development process is so structured and done professionally and with rigour would ease up adoption.
Mostly the fact that cardano aims to do everything. Better version of , more scalable and secure. Better store of value that faster than ripple, etc......And they have a huge team of seriously smart people. For example, they will use Haskell , so they hired the guy who created haskell. I mean, they could fail, but theyll go down swinging. Hard.
is gonna be huge!!!
this is a valuable project but long-term
I actually hold all my ... Wheres the Problem with the wallet?
I love the interface and have had slow sync times before but then once I’m in I can send/receive quicker than any other token (other than which is currently faster and cheaper from my experience but I believe will become better in the future) but this last syncing has taken weeks with no movement. I’ve restarted it 4 times and upgraded to the newest OS on my 1 year old Mac but no luck... can’t wait for ledger support so I can store it with the rest of my coins.
So what you are saying is is trash. By making a prediction of 50-100 apiece makes you people look like trash. It will easily go to 250 apiece EOY. EASILY. No I'm not shilling, I did my fucking research and math you fucking noobs. It's like calculus, 1+1 sometimes needs you to consider thermodynamics and wind direction in complex scenarios (not the greatest example so please pardon me and follow that thought).
Some money might be made short-term on, maybe even a lot of money, but is a long-term play with massive potential. The OP's quoted summary hits on the key reasons at a high level.One of the many reasons I'm committed to is Charles' commitment to the project. The guy knows what he's doing and he's in it for the long haul. One example is a quote from where Charles says: "Relative to our burn rate IOHK can now stay open for decades." This is because the guy is worth hundreds of millions USD and is investing in the future of crypto via Charles and the project are going nowhere but forward. Get in big now (at a discount), set yourself a remindme and see how is doing 2 years from now.
Shhhh keep buying low and let the magic works
seems to be holding it's price really well, during the ath it only lost a little SAT value & still increased it's dollar value.
will reach Top-10 CMC in 2018 is the ONLY crypto that has a NATIONAL China Government contract. Not even managed this. • went 15x in 2017 The cryptomarket is still tiny (1%) compared to the Stock Exchanges. In 2018 more money will flow into cryptos. has so much potential with all these partnerships and together with staking THORPower coins will be a top notch long term
Also the fact that is now focusing on smart contracts and a platform to build ICO's and dApps on is a huge accomplishment. More and more international brands partnering up with , Chinese government that has its interest in this project. This all together is making a top 10 coin in the near future.
Expect it to be in top 10 sometime soon.
I feel like the OP hasn't mentioned the key point: they have an actual physical product to combine with blockchain. That was huge for me, it made be comfortable they can't go under. They have a shitload of multibillion companies as partners and clients. This was all before expansion, and I was super excited by the project then.
They have a great team, and a real monster in charge - Sunny Lu. Former CEO of Louis Vuitton no less.
This WILL be a top 10 Coin. What that means for price will depend on the MC of crypto in 2018. $100 is possible in the very long run. More likely $50 by end of 2018.
Does anyone know how to do math??? or do people like to claim numbers. If you thinkwill only get to $50-100, I'm sorry but you are ignorant and naive to see the truth. Why did go 32000% just last year? Did you know your math says that  will only go 2500%...
It boggles my mind that this project hasn't blown up yet. If all of crypto tanks I can see being completely unaffected because it's not even a crypto, it's essentially BaaS, Blockchain-as-a-Service. The fact that they're turning into a dApp platform multiplies the weight of these partnerships as the likelihood of these billion dollar companies staying in the ecosystem for further applications of the blockchain are incredibly high.
$100 would put us at a $35 billion market cap. With at $20+ billion with no working product, $100 per, especially with the lockup of supply when nodes come online, is absolutely reasonable.
Also from what I'm seeing is they are pursuing partnerships in a smart manner. They are going after companies that can force their suppliers and distributors to implement as well. That way these companies will be able to track and gather data on their products from the raw materials all the way to the point of sale.
You are delusional if you dont think we cant reach that, like OP stated coins grow along with the overall marketcap.
It's very difficult to predict these things, but if this upward trend in crypto currencies continues, we could possibly see at $80,- ranges in 2018 would be my prediction.
The team feels solid, they’ve got great tech, and keep racking up amazing partnerships. Can’t believe we’re still below $3.
I was pretty impressed by the AMA yesterday, didn’t realize they were expanding their scope to so many different areas. Pleased I’ve been a hodler for some time now.
I’ve got 90% of my crypto money in. Amazing long term potential. Amazing management team with proven track record
Amazing summary. We can easily reach market cap from here, that would put us in the top 15
I don't think that's crazy to think. could easily be a $20 coin right now to start with.
you people conveniently forget that the only reason alts are so high is because of. Everything else would have never gotten so high if it wasn't for
I don't even care any more. I've got a significant position and I'm just letting it ride, long-long-long term.
and here is my take. why the fuck are people selling at a loss when it's clearly just the market doing it's thing. you don't lose (or gain) anything until you actually sell out. just wait and be patient. of course saying this to a market of folks wanting fast food daily 100% gains is like telling an obese person to just lay off the mcdonalds for a couple weeks
Definitely going to moon. Buy your lambos now. Don’t wait for the others and end up in the waiting list!
Been wrong before, but I made a video about why I think $NEO is about to jump and outperform market.
It's as simple as this - if BTC continues to recover, alts will generally recover faster.
I just feel the potential right now
Looks like a breakout to me.
Looking like a breakout, fasten your seatbelts.
A lot of people here keep asking if Icon is so great why doesn't the price reflect the greatness.
ETH had its turn. NEO had its turn. Finally, ICX ICO platform on its way. What will this mean for price?
This makes me soooo bullish.
It means that the price is going to go up because investors have to purchase ICX to participate in ICOs, just one of soooo many functions of ICX,
Only expecting great things from this ICON platform
There have been a lot of whale games with ICX during the last 2/3 months. Let's hope the ICX platform deployment moves the masses into investing in ICX and then it will make the price pump.
There was a post a few weeks back about south korea losining the ban. But i dont think any official reversal has occurred yet. Im sure people will find a way around it. Just like chinese investors own Neo
ICON's real world traction among ENTERPRISE is insane. Just look at this... 
Exactly, i still cant believe people dont even understand how huge icon project is.
The whole point of an online community for any coin is to show that we are cheerleaders of the coin as well as a landing page for people to learn about new and exciting things. When I'm researching a new project, one of the criteria I look at is online community presence. ICX has a lot of room to grow in this regard compared to even a coin like Nano, but this kind of "shilling" is what gets the name out there for people to get excited about. This sub isn't even close to the shilling that you'd find on other coin subreddits.
I have a feeling we about to get massive news , it’s been too quiet and the bullish sentiment needs to be taken advantage of.
Right?! I’ve had this feeling since we got through the first week of April. To be fair though I’ve been on hopium since I invested in early January.
Well I don’t get why the price isn’t following our enthusiasm!
Aside from some fud like Bitgrail, nano is one of the top crypto that can easily be widespread adopted by retail users. It is instant, feeless, and easy to understand by a new investor, along with a solid online presence. I don't know much about Bytom, but nano is a solid project for sure. Once they get a few things sorted out on the dev side, it will be a very good coin to hold.
What about things like monaco card? It looks promising
Lol so many impatient people. You got Kkrean exchanges and lots of partnerships with many more things to come. It will pump when you least expect. Hodl and observe.
Agreed! I hold nano but by far my biggest holding is icx. It feels as safe an investment in crypto as it gets. It is a roller coaster but so glad to be on this ride
Oh she be a tricky one. But when she does wake up, the whole market will tremble mark my words.. "limps away ominously"
TBH Icon hype hasnt really hit SK yet. Im korean myself and koreans have a tendency of following a hype at a large scale.
Once Icon hype settes amongst korean market it will rocket from there. IMO its still under the radar.
All im saying is needs more exposure and hype built before it gains moementum reflected in price
In my opinion, EOS is just going to go up and up. None of these other shitcoins will match it.
I think people are pretty optimistic about EOS long term potential, I know many are expecting the price to drop after the airdrop but i don't think we will see any major dumps.
Hi guys. I was just wondering if there's any specific reason for the pump earlier today? Not sure if I missed an announcement or something.
I was planning on buying more ICX today but am temporarily holding off until I see why the sudden increase in price? Not saying it was huge but still a significant one
Majority of alts are in green. Could be alts season started... ICX consolidated and bottomed.
Bull market is here again! BTC is stable on the bottom and everybody buying alts :)
Entire market is green.
when BTC price stabilize on a value range. it becomes boring for most, then they switch back to alt coins to make their btc count higher. hmmm ithink
saw this little ‘bump’ right before korean listing... maybe coin swap soon? just a thought.
Bitcoin rising. Thats why.
Maybe Bittrex incoming. Maybe news imminent. Lots of maybes.
You might be right
You can live on one kidney. If you really believe in the project, I want to make you aware that the male human can still be reproductive with one testicle
You’re welcome, I’ve added the link to the tweet in the original comment 
downtrend from our high to the bithumb pump was broken we looking bullish for the next few days
Technical indicators showed it was ready for a bounce, it was just waiting on BTC.
Just like most alts are on a run mostly because they have all found a floor on previous support levels. Since BTC moved sideways in between $6.5-7k for a while it allowed alts to finally make their moves.









